hello very good everyone I love
skis and in the video today I bring you a
pixel art in minecraft xbox 360 made
for me I can not be
and before showing you what I wanted
tell you not to be too cruel that I
I had never done and I want to start with
Something simple, well, I'm going to
teach the green shell
the mushroom
this mushroom has more videos than I kissed
the mysterious box
a little flower from the fire of the vile
bullet and the siwi and missed no more than as
you can see there is a carnivorous plant
throwing a ball of fire I will move away
first a tad so you can see it
all right
do not turn your back on me because there is another
pixelar and I do not want you to see it is
for another video and it has nothing to do with me
with mario's so
well, as you can see until
the plant makes the gesture of as if
I was throwing the ball
and good not
it's not very complicated it costs a little
because what's in the mouth you have to have
patience but it's very easy as you can
see the ball also neither does
It has a lot of complication and the pipe
It is made in 3-d because it is made in
3-d
I do not know, but from a distance
pretty cool and as we see up close
it sticks out a little here and the plant
it's like inside, so to speak
to do grace and here there is no
much more because like this you do not see
we do not have it like in the head
but other than if you see if you see we have
put here as light and shadow
and well let's do a little goes
so you can see well
and nothing I hope you liked and
until next time